AGW-4707: Temporary workaround for SE-18281. (#341)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/custom-policy-4-reference.adoc

   </dependencies>
----

> These examples are developed using Mule extension v1.0.0. Selecting a different version of the extension might result in the examples to not work as expected. To update your Mule extension version, see ref:http-policy-transform.adoc[HTTP Policy Transform Extension].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These examples are developed using Mule extension v1.0.0. Using a different version of the extension might cause the examples to not work as expected. To update your Mule extension version, see ref:http-policy-transform.adoc[HTTP Policy Transform Extension].
```
